[workload-protection] WP Kubernetes user identities preview (#30010)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/workload_protection/setup/agent/kubernetes.md

## Installation

> {{< beta-callout url="" header="Workload Protection's Kubernetes user session instrumentation is in Preview !" btn_hidden="true">}}

Reviewer: What about: 

```
{{< beta-callout url="" header="Enrich events with Kubernetes user identities." btn_hidden="true">}}
Enrich your events with Kubernetes user identities to help you investigate signals. 

Join the preview by enabling the admission controller and cws instrumentation variables (see instructions below)
{{< /beta-callout >}}
```

Author: Done 👍🏻

> Workload Protection now integrates with Kubernetes to collect Kubernetes user credentials and enrich your events with real user identities to help you investigate signals. Follow the optional instructions below to test the preview !

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workload Protection collects Kubernetes user credentials and enriches your events with real user identities to help you investigate signals. Follow the optional instructions below to test the preview!
```

3. Restart the Agent.

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "DaemonSet" %}}

1. Add the following settings to the `env` section of `security-agent` and `system-probe` in the `daemonset.yaml` file:

    ```bash
      # Source: datadog/templates/daemonset.yaml
      apiVersion:app/1
      kind: DaemonSet
      [...]
      spec:
      [...]
      spec:
          [...]
            containers:
            [...]
              - name: agent
                [...]
                env:
                  - name: DD_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED
                    value: "true"
              - name: system-probe
                [...]
                env:
                  - name: DD_RUNTIME_SECURITY_CONFIG_ENABLED
                    value: "true"
                  - name: DD_RUNTIME_SECURITY_CONFIG_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED
                    value: "true"
                  - name: DD_COMPLIANCE_CONFIG_ENABLED
                    value: "true"
                  - name: DD_COMPLIANCE_CONFIG_HOST_BENCHMARKS_ENABLED
                    value: "true"
                  - name: DD_SBOM_CONTAINER_IMAGE_USE_MOUNT
                    value: "true"
              [...]
    ```

>    2. (optional) Add the following setting to the `env` section of `cluster-agent` in the `cluster-agent-deployment.yaml` file if you want to test the preview of Workload Protection's integration with Kubernetes for user identity collection.

Reviewer: I'd have a tendency to add these to the main instructions as well.
Simply adding a note in the first instruction saying something like: 
Note that DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_ENABLED and DD_RUNTIME_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_CWS_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED variables emables event enrichment with Kubernetes user identities (in preview)
